Add depthz_image_transport: lossless depth compression (32FC1 and 16UC1) (#238)
ros-perception/image_transport_plugins: depthz_image_transport/README.md

(standalone releases predating it reject it, as this plugin rejects the
standalone library's other methods). Every blob is self-describing:
dimensions, pixel format and quantization step are readable from its header
without decompressing anything.

## Performance

On real full-precision stereo depth (the hardest input: nearly every pixel
carries a unique float bit pattern), the default quantized mode compresses
substantially better than `compressedDepth` while encoding and decoding
several times faster — and with a much finer, explicitly bounded
quantization error than `compressedDepth`'s 16-bit inverse-depth stage.
Coarser steps trade precision for ratio; the lossless mode compresses the
least, since it must reproduce the sensor's mantissa noise bit-exactly.
Compression is data-dependent, so measure on your own streams: the
`benchmark/` directory contains a tool that runs any recorded MCAP depth
topic through the real publisher/subscriber plugins and reports ratio,
throughput, and error-bound verification (see `benchmark/README.md`).

## Usage

Subscribers select the transport with the standard `image_transport`

> parameter (in rviz2: the *Transport Hint* dropdown of the Image/Camera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter (in RViz 2: the *Transport Hint* dropdown of the Image/Camera
```
